Examples (#6)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-dropbox: README.md

The `Dropbox` connector provides practical examples illustrating usage in various scenarios. Explore these [examples](https://github.com/module-ballerinax-dropbox/tree/main/examples/), covering the following use cases:

> 1. [Create a Folder](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-dropbox/tree/main/examples/create-folder) - Create a folder in Dropbox.
> 
> 2. [List files and folders in a Folder](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-dropbox/tree/main/examples/list-files-and-folders) - List all the files and folders in a folder in Dropbox.

Reviewer: @rahul1995 I propose the below titles and descriptions for the examples to be more descriptive.
```suggestion
1. [Create folder in Dropbox](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-dropbox/tree/main/examples/create-folder) - Create a new folder in your Dropbox account.

2. [List folder contents in Dropbox](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-dropbox/tree/main/examples/list-files-and-folders) - Retrieve and display all files and subfolders within a specific folder in your Dropbox account.
```

Author: Updated.
